now some of the elders of Israel came to
now some of the elders of Israel came to me and sat before me and the word of the
me and sat before me and the word of the
me and sat before me and the word of the Lord came to me son of man these men
Lord came to me son of man these men
Lord came to me son of man these men have set up their idols in their hearts
have set up their idols in their hearts
have set up their idols in their hearts and put before them that which causes
and put before them that which causes
and put before them that which causes them to stumble into iniquity should I
them to stumble into iniquity should I
them to stumble into iniquity should I let myself be inquired of at all by them
let myself be inquired of at all by them
let myself be inquired of at all by them therefore speak to them and say to them
therefore speak to them and say to them
therefore speak to them and say to them thus says the Lord God every one of the
thus says the Lord God every one of the
thus says the Lord God every one of the house of Israel who sets up his idols in
house of Israel who sets up his idols in
house of Israel who sets up his idols in his heart and puts before him what
his heart and puts before him what
his heart and puts before him what causes him to stumble into iniquity and
causes him to stumble into iniquity and
causes him to stumble into iniquity and then comes to the Prophet I the Lord
then comes to the Prophet I the Lord
then comes to the Prophet I the Lord will answer him who comes according to
will answer him who comes according to
will answer him who comes according to the multitude of his idols that I may
the multitude of his idols that I may
the multitude of his idols that I may seize the house of Israel by their heart
seize the house of Israel by their heart
seize the house of Israel by their heart because they are all estranged from me
because they are all estranged from me
because they are all estranged from me by their idols therefore say to the
by their idols therefore say to the
by their idols therefore say to the house of Israel thus says the Lord God
house of Israel thus says the Lord God
house of Israel thus says the Lord God repent turn away from your idols and
repent turn away from your idols and
repent turn away from your idols and turn your faces away from all your
turn your faces away from all your
turn your faces away from all your abominations for anyone of the house of
abominations for anyone of the house of
abominations for anyone of the house of Israel or of the strangers who dwell in
Israel or of the strangers who dwell in
Israel or of the strangers who dwell in Israel who separates himself from me and
Israel who separates himself from me and
Israel who separates himself from me and sets up his idols in his heart and puts
sets up his idols in his heart and puts
sets up his idols in his heart and puts before him what causes him to stumble
before him what causes him to stumble
before him what causes him to stumble into iniquity then comes to a prophet to
into iniquity then comes to a prophet to
into iniquity then comes to a prophet to inquire of him concerning me ah hey the
inquire of him concerning me ah hey the
inquire of him concerning me ah hey the Lord will answer him by myself I will
Lord will answer him by myself I will
Lord will answer him by myself I will set my face against that man and make
set my face against that man and make
set my face against that man and make him a sign and a proverb and I will cut
him a sign and a proverb and I will cut
him a sign and a proverb and I will cut him off from the midst of my people then
him off from the midst of my people then
him off from the midst of my people then you shall know that I am
you shall know that I am
you shall know that I am the Lord and if the profit is induced to
the Lord and if the profit is induced to
the Lord and if the profit is induced to speak anything I the LORD have induced
speak anything I the LORD have induced
speak anything I the LORD have induced that profit and I will stretch out my
that profit and I will stretch out my
that profit and I will stretch out my hand against him and destroy him from
hand against him and destroy him from
hand against him and destroy him from among my people Israel and they shall
among my people Israel and they shall
among my people Israel and they shall bear their iniquities the punishment of
bear their iniquities the punishment of
bear their iniquities the punishment of the prophet shall be the same as the
the prophet shall be the same as the
the prophet shall be the same as the punishment of the one who inquired that
punishment of the one who inquired that
punishment of the one who inquired that the house of Israel may no longer stray
the house of Israel may no longer stray
the house of Israel may no longer stray from me nor be profaned anymore with all
from me nor be profaned anymore with all
from me nor be profaned anymore with all their transgressions but that they may
their transgressions but that they may
their transgressions but that they may be my people and I may be their God says
be my people and I may be their God says
be my people and I may be their God says the Lord God the word of the Lord came
the Lord God the word of the Lord came
the Lord God the word of the Lord came again to me son of man when a land sins
again to me son of man when a land sins
again to me son of man when a land sins against me by persistent unfaithfulness
against me by persistent unfaithfulness
against me by persistent unfaithfulness I will stretch out my hand against it I
I will stretch out my hand against it I
I will stretch out my hand against it I will cut off its supply of bread send
will cut off its supply of bread send
will cut off its supply of bread send famine on it and cut off man and beast
famine on it and cut off man and beast
famine on it and cut off man and beast from it even if these three men nor
from it even if these three men nor
from it even if these three men nor Daniel and Jove were in it they would
Daniel and Jove were in it they would
Daniel and Jove were in it they would deliver only themselves by their
deliver only themselves by their
deliver only themselves by their righteousness if I caused wild beasts to
righteousness if I caused wild beasts to
righteousness if I caused wild beasts to pass through the land and they empty it
pass through the land and they empty it
pass through the land and they empty it and make it so desolate that no man may
and make it so desolate that no man may
and make it so desolate that no man may pass through because of the beasts even
pass through because of the beasts even
pass through because of the beasts even though these three men were in it as I
though these three men were in it as I
though these three men were in it as I live they would deliver neither sons nor
live they would deliver neither sons nor
live they would deliver neither sons nor daughters only they would be delivered
daughters only they would be delivered
daughters only they would be delivered and the land would be desolate what if I
and the land would be desolate what if I
and the land would be desolate what if I bring a sword on that land and say sword
bring a sword on that land and say sword
bring a sword on that land and say sword go through the land and I cut off man
go through the land and I cut off man
go through the land and I cut off man and beast from it even though these
and beast from it even though these
and beast from it even though these three men were in it as I live they
three men were in it as I live they
three men were in it as I live they would deliver neither sons nor daughters
would deliver neither sons nor daughters
would deliver neither sons nor daughters but only they themselves would be
but only they themselves would be
but only they themselves would be delivered
delivered
delivered or if I send a pestilence into that land
or if I send a pestilence into that land
or if I send a pestilence into that land and pour out my fury on it in blood and
and pour out my fury on it in blood and
and pour out my fury on it in blood and cut off from it man and beast
cut off from it man and beast
cut off from it man and beast even though Noah Daniel and Jobe were in
even though Noah Daniel and Jobe were in
even though Noah Daniel and Jobe were in it as I live they would deliver neither
it as I live they would deliver neither
it as I live they would deliver neither son nor daughter they would deliver only
son nor daughter they would deliver only
son nor daughter they would deliver only themselves by their righteousness for
themselves by their righteousness for
themselves by their righteousness for thus says the Lord God how much more it
thus says the Lord God how much more it
thus says the Lord God how much more it shall be when I send my for severe
shall be when I send my for severe
shall be when I send my for severe judgments on Jerusalem the sword and
judgments on Jerusalem the sword and
judgments on Jerusalem the sword and famine and wild beasts and pestilence to
famine and wild beasts and pestilence to
famine and wild beasts and pestilence to cut off man and beast from it
cut off man and beast from it
cut off man and beast from it yet behold there shall be left in it a
yet behold there shall be left in it a
yet behold there shall be left in it a remnant who will be brought out both
remnant who will be brought out both
remnant who will be brought out both sons and daughters surely they will come
sons and daughters surely they will come
sons and daughters surely they will come out to you and you will see their ways
out to you and you will see their ways
out to you and you will see their ways and their doings then you will be
and their doings then you will be
and their doings then you will be comforted concerning the disaster that I
comforted concerning the disaster that I
comforted concerning the disaster that I have brought upon Jerusalem all that I
have brought upon Jerusalem all that I
have brought upon Jerusalem all that I have brought upon it and they will
have brought upon it and they will
have brought upon it and they will comfort you when you see their ways and
comfort you when you see their ways and
comfort you when you see their ways and their doings and you shall know that I
their doings and you shall know that I
their doings and you shall know that I have done nothing without cause that I
have done nothing without cause that I
have done nothing without cause that I have done in it says the Lord God
have done in it says the Lord God
have done in it says the Lord God [Music]